Update October-2020 (#30)
lsmo-epfl/discover-curated-cofs: info/info.md

Note that for the most recent calculations, the [Force Field Builder](https://aiida-lsmo.readthedocs.io/en/latest/workflows.html#force-field-builder) was employed to store and retrieve the parameters.
The available force fields are stored in [this file](https://github.com/lsmo-epfl/aiida-lsmo/blob/master/aiida_lsmo/calcfunctions/ff_data.yaml), together with their references, to be parsed by the Force Field Builder utility.

## Reproducing previous plots

> These results are periodically updated with more COFs or some fixes (e.g., removing duplicates and correcting structures
> where we discover some wrong chemistry). To reproduce the exact same figure as in the 
> [ACS Central Science' Outlook](https://pubs.acs.org/doi/abs/10.1021/acscentsci.0c00988)
> please refer to the [version 6 of the associated Materials Cloud Archive](https://doi.org/10.24435/materialscloud:kd-wj).
> In particular you need to import the database 
> [export_discovery_cof_07Sep20.aiida](https://archive.materialscloud.org/record/file?record_id=519&file_id=46659e55-46d2-40ea-b1c9-0df0e1b676fa&filename=export_discovery_cof_07Sep20.aiida)
> and install the [version v0.3.1 of the discover-curated-cofs app](https://github.com/lsmo-epfl/discover-curated-cofs/tree/v0.3.1).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The results are updated periodically to include new COFs or fixes (e.g., removing duplicates, correcting structures
where we discover wrong chemistry). To reproduce the exact same figure as in the 
[ACS Central Science Outlook](https://pubs.acs.org/doi/abs/10.1021/acscentsci.0c00988)
please refer to the dataset linked from the paper ([version 6 of the Materials Cloud Archive record](https://doi.org/10.24435/materialscloud:kd-wj).

In particular import the database 
[export_discovery_cof_07Sep20.aiida](https://archive.materialscloud.org/record/file?record_id=519&file_id=46659e55-46d2-40ea-b1c9-0df0e1b676fa&filename=export_discovery_cof_07Sep20.aiida)
and install the [version v0.3.1 of the discover-curated-cofs app](https://github.com/lsmo-epfl/discover-curated-cofs/tree/v0.3.1).
```

## Visit MatScreen.com
The project continues on [www.MatScreen.com](https://matscreen.com/), including more nanoporous crystals (MOFs and zeolites), 

> and more screenings for different applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and screenings for a wider range of applications.
```
